Actually, we are going to
download this from the network.
But before doing that, maybe it's time to
start doing something in the menu page,
so we can actually see something.
So I'm going to, again,
really yelled my Windows,
so we can see the preview there, like so.
And what I have here is the menu page,
okay?
So, the menu page will render items,
like product items, okay?
So, what I maybe want to
design here quickly is another
widget that will render one
product in particular, okay?
So it's not gonna be a big deal,
he has an image and
a couple of text, so
it's not really a big deal.
But let's make it, so
we can do it quickly,
it's not going to be so problematic.
So, another statement we should
try to do it here in the page or
in a different file, at this point,
you make that decision.
If you feel like it's part of
the menu page, you're not going
to use it anywhere else, it's short
enough, maybe you can use it here.
If you feel like it's reusable and you may
wanna use it later, or is this too big,
it has its own unique problems, well,
you separate that in your new file.
So it's actually up to you,
it's another stateless
widget as the last enter,
let's call it product item.
The idea is that this product item
will actually render one item,
one product on the screen, okay?
So, because it's going to render one item,
I need the product, right?
Because if not,
I don't know what to render.
So, I'm willing to receive
the product somehow.
Some nature receive it
as a require constructor
Element as we did before.
So we have the product, we probably
need to import the data model to make
it work Like so.
And it's complaining that hey,
that property must be final,
because if not, it's not gonna work.
So widgets, input properties for the
widget must be declared as final, okay?
Make sense.
Well, now, for here,
I may wanna use a container,
by the way remember the padding widget?
Actually the container has also a padding.
So, sometimes in flutter, we have several
ways to do exactly the same thing.
So, we can use a padding widget or
a container with a body declaration,
is the same.
So in this case, I can say that
I want a padding of eight and
the container has a child, not children,
child, only one, only one widget,
the container contains only one.
So, I may wanna use,
remember the card we use before.
Card is typically being used a lot for
elements that are individual elements,
it carries visual components created by
material theme that has an elevation.
So if I have a card I have an elevation
that makes that little shadow over
the element looks fine.
And then we will put something as a child.
For example, let's start with a text,
I wanna see the product name,
something like that, training coma.
Of course, I'm not seeing this, why?
Because my menu page is rendering nothing,
but
now instead of container,
what I can do is to render a product item.
That one of them, the which of them,
I'm creating at the bottom, okay?
So I can actually see that on the screen.
So the programming receives and
mandatory product.
So I actually need to pass
a product as an argument,
like a dummy product, it makes sense?
So also I can make the product first,
par p equals to a product with id 1,
name, dummy product, price 1, 25,
image, I don't care so,
something like that.
So I will pass that product
as an argument, p, sorry.
So now I'm seeing that dummy
product on my menu page, okay?
Yeah, it's a sealed pretty this point.
So what I want, is I want to see
an image and you must first, and
then the product name, and
the price, okay, makes sense?
So because I have something, something,
and something, what is that?
A column, okay.
So I will wrap this text into a column,
wrap with column.
So I have the product name,
I will add the product price, and
they said that they want an image.
For that, I have a dummy image in the
images folder, it's called black coffee,
because we didn't download
things from the network yet.
We don't have the real URL of the image,
so it's just that one.
So it's image from the assets,
images/black_coffee.png, okay?
Coma, coma, coma, coma,
here is complaining, why is complaining?
The price is not the string, okay?
So it's a double, and
text is expecting a string.
So a simple way to go over
that is to open, in fact,
maybe I wanna add the $ sign.
The dollar sign is for templates,
so actually needs to be escaped.
So this will look like this, look at that.
I have double dollar sign,
hey like that but the first one is escape,
so it's actually the dollar sign character
that they want in the output and
the other one is just the expression.
Now that we render the price,
so if I save this, okay,
it's not loading the images because
I have a typo, coffee, okay?
And this is how it looks like now,
it's getting better, okay?
So first, you can see that by default
its center, okay, interesting, right?
So by default is send the text center,
how can I change that?
Columns or rows, they have some
other arguments that they can set,
that can let you change the alignment.
And we have two ways to define alignment,
the main axis and
the cross axis alignment.
So if I'm in a column,
the main axis alignment is vertical, and
the cross axis is horizontal.
If I'm in a row,
it's exactly the opposite, makes sense?
So, in this case, we try and
shoot a change, the main or the cross.
I'm in a column, I don't want the text
to be centered, that's the goal.
I see you're doing this.
>> Cross.
>> Cross, so the options available
here are actually part of a class or
constants of cross axis alignment.
So we have a start, okay?
And it did the trick.
Remember, so if you're in a row, cross
is going to be the opposite direction,
so we have main axis and cross axis.
Every time you are doing layout
that's how it works, okay?
Well, then I need some paddings,
you know how to add padding, so
I can click on the text and
rob with padding.
The same on the other one,
wrap with padding, save, all right?
It's looking like that, not so bad,
let's say one the text will be bold.
Every property that has to do with font,
it's actually under the style declaration.
It's a text you create a new textile
with a lot of properties and
we have the font-weight, okay?
And the font-weight has a set of options,
such as bold.